Send transport_reset event on vsock snapshot create path (#2562)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/snapshotting/snapshot-support.md

to vsock packet loss, leads to Vsock device breakage when doing a snapshot while
there are active Vsock connections.

   As a solution to the above issue, active Vsock connections prior to
snapshotting the VM are forcibly closed by sending a specific event called
VIRTIO_VSOCK_EVENT_TRANSPORT_RESET. The event is sent on `SnapshotCreate`.

> On `SnapshotResume`, the vsock driver will close all existing connections.

Author: I wanted to specify here that, while the event is sent on SnapshotCreate, the connections will be closed when the VM is resumed, as at that point the VM will be functional again.

Listen sockets still remain active. Users wanting to build vsock applications that
use the snapshot capability have to take this into consideration. More details
about this event can be found in the official Virtio document
 [here](https://docs.oasis-open.org/virtio/virtio/v1.1/virtio-v1.1.pdf),

>  section 5.10.6.6 Device Events.

Author: Agree

to vsock packet loss, leads to Vsock device breakage when doing a snapshot while
there are active Vsock connections.

   As a solution to the above issue, active Vsock connections prior to
snapshotting the VM are forcibly closed by sending a specific event called
VIRTIO_VSOCK_EVENT_TRANSPORT_RESET. The event is sent on `SnapshotCreate`.
On `SnapshotResume`, when the VM will become active again,

> the vsock driver will close all existing connections.

Reviewer: nit: let's stay consistent and use present time here. It sounds better IMHO.

Listen sockets still remain active. Users wanting to build vsock applications that
use the snapshot capability have to take this into consideration. More details
about this event can be found in the official Virtio document

>  [here](https://docs.oasis-open.org/virtio/virtio/v1.1/virtio-v1.1.pdf),
>  section 5.10.6.6 Device Events.

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
[here](https://docs.oasis-open.org/virtio/virtio/v1.1/virtio-v1.1.pdf),
section 5.10.6.6 Device Events.
```

>    Firecracker will handle this, thus the customers are no longer
>    responsible with closing active connections.

Reviewer: super nit: I think present time works better here, as well.
```suggestion
   Firecracker handles sending the `reset` event to the vsock driver,
thus the customers are no longer responsible for closing active connections.
```

to vsock packet loss, leads to Vsock device breakage when doing a snapshot while
there are active Vsock connections.

   _**Workaround**_: All active Vsock connections prior to snapshotting

>    the VM are forcibly closed by sending a specific event called VIRTIO_VSOCK_EVENT_TRANSPORT_RESET.

Reviewer 2: We need to also include some details for the users to clearly understand how they should build their vsock apps wrt snapshots.
